Hello, my name is **Lanise Allen** and I am originally from Miami Gardens, Florida. I studied **Sociology** at University of Florida and graduated in 2015. 

While enrolled at the University of Florida, I worked in various office support roles within the University, and interned with Big Brothers Big Sisters of Mid-Florida. I then worked with Victoria & Associates as a temporary office assistant, assigned to Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd (RCCL). In January 2017, I worked as a Non-Clinical Case Coordinator in Royal Caribbean's Risk Management Department, responsible for overseeing prompt and adequate medical care for ill and injured cruise ship employees in their home country. It was there that I learned a few aspects of computer and IT support, and the Salesforce cloud-based platform. There, I knew that I wanted to pursue a career in technology. In September of 2019, I enrolled in Generation USA, a 12-week intensive program in partnership with Amazon Web Services & Miami Dade College to become a Certified Cloud Support Practitioner. There, I developed knowledge on AWS cloud fundamentals including: EC2, S3, VPC, IAM and Databases, the Well Architected Framework and Cloud Adoption Framework, AWS Security and Networking best practices, coding with Python, HTML, CSS, and learning Linux OS. In November 2019, I received the **AWS Cloud Practitioner Certification** after passing the exam. Then in January 2020, I began an internship with Belle Fleur Technologies, an AWS Advanced Consulting partner.

Throughout the internship, I was introduced to the agile development environment as a Solutions Architect intern, where I explored various roles as part of the agile team. As a Product Owner, I helped to capture any requirements and features that customers envisioned for their projects, then communicate the requirements to the development team. At the same time, I learned the fundamentals of Data Analytics & Visualization with products such as AWS Glue, Amazon Athena, and Amazon QuickSight. In March 2020, I became certified as an **AWS Solutions Architect Associate**.  

My learning did not stop there. As society shifted to more virtual settings in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, I was curious to further my cloud computing knowledge by learning Microsoft Azure at Miami Dade College. I also needed to refresh my coding skills, and participated in a JavaScript virtual study group with women students and technologists from all over the world. In August 2020, I was excited to have passed the **Microsoft Azure Fundamentals** certfication. 

Today, I am currently seeking full-time opprtunities to work in the field Cloud Computing, while creating Data Visualization projects in my spare time. My quest for knowledge continues as I am currently learning Salesforce Fundamentals, and will soon participate in Google's IT Automation with Python course. In the future, I hope to further my knowledge in Information Systems by completing a **Master's Degree**.

<a markdown="0" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/laniseallen/" class="btn">More on Lanise</a>

[^1]: Example: *domain.com/category-name/post-title*
